- As is known to all, theory is based on practice and    ______serves practice.
  A. by chance
  B. by turn
  C. in return
  D. in turn #card
	- D
- ---May I have a talk with you on the phone, Sir?
  ---_______but not during my sleeping time.
  A. I'm sorry
  B. Anytime
  C. Certainly
  D. Go ahead #card
	- C
- Whenever I think of you, I have this ______ of you as always being cheerful
  A. appearance
  B. feeling
  C. image
  D. reflection #card
	- C
- Jack was attacked by two men and beat   _______. When he came to, he realized  that he was bleeding all over.
  A. to death
  B. black and blue
  C. unconscious
  D. red and blue #card
	- C
- During the discount season, housewives poured into the shopping center to get  things at   ____  prices.
  A. cheap
  B. unusual
  C. extra
  D. bargain #card
	- D
## 下面是首字母
- Don't give me meat any more. I have to lose some weight and I am now on a  d_____ . #card
- We have firm f______  that our team will win first prize if keep working   hard. #card
- The show is far from being a failure: It was a huge h_____. #card
  card-last-interval:: 4
  card-repeats:: 1
  card-ease-factor:: 2.6
  card-next-schedule:: 2022-07-13T12:35:48.493Z
  card-last-reviewed:: 2022-07-09T12:35:48.493Z
  card-last-score:: 5
- The cave was completely dark, so he 1_____ a candle and went further inside. #card
- After g_____ ,I immediately got my first job working as an assistant  manager in this big company. #card
  card-last-interval:: 4
  card-repeats:: 1
  card-ease-factor:: 2.6
  card-next-schedule:: 2022-07-13T12:35:40.861Z
  card-last-reviewed:: 2022-07-09T12:35:40.864Z
  card-last-score:: 5
- When driving a car, it is a must to f_____  your safety belt. #card
- I   a_____  Liu Xiang for being champion in the event of 110 m hurdles in  the Athens Olympics.  #card
- The girl was so angry that she  t_____  the letter into pieces.  #card
- The old lady is famous for being warm-hearted and g_____
  And she  always gives things, more or less, to the beggars next to her door.  #card
- The ocean and seas s_____  the islands are deep blue.  #card