- #  I ______ ping-pong quite well, but I haven’t had time to play since the New Year
  A. will play 
  B. have played 
  C. played 
  D. play #card
	- D
- # I can guess you were in a hurry. You ______ your sweater inside out。A. had worn B. wore C. were wearing D. are wearing   #card
	- D
-
- #   -- Why? Tom, your shirt is so dirty!
     --- Mum, I ______ my storeroom downstairs.
    A. cleaned  B. have cleaned     C. was cleaning   D. have been cleaning  #card
	- B
-
- Don’t bother to look for my dictionary --- it ______ some day.  
  A. turns up B. has turned up
  C. will turn up D. is going to turn up  #card
	- c
-
- -- What do you think of this kind of TV set, which ______ in Shanghai?
  --- Well, I don’t care about such things.
  A. was made B. is made C. has been made   D. had been made  #card
	- B
-
- -- Got your driving license?
  --- No. I ______ too busy to have enough practice, so I didn’t take the driving test last week. I’m going to next  week.
  A. was B. have been C. am D. had been   #card
	- D
-
- The baby is generally healthy, but every now and then he ______ a cold.
  A. has caught B. is catching C. will catch    D. does catch  #card
	- B
-
- Although the couple didn't choose to sleep in the wild instead of in the hotel, it
  A. turned up
  B. turned out
  C. turned into
  D. turned around   #card
	- B
-
- It's   ______  cold outside. You might as well put on your overcoat  _____ the bad weather.
  A. freezing, on    B. freezingly, against
  C. freezingly, in     D. freezing, against #card
	- D
- ---  Do you mind my opening the window? It's a bit hot in here.
  --- _________,  as a matter of fact.
  A. Go ahead
  B. Yes, my pleasure
  C. Come on
  D. Yes. I do  #card
	- D
-
- After the event, several families found their _____ (safe) broken and the money inside gone. #card
	- safes
- A stream of ants were seen by the river to make  _______   (prepare) for the coming winter.  #card
	- preparations
- Workers have joined a strike aimed at forcing the government to pay overdue salaries and  ____ (allow).  #card
	- allowances
- I used to hate running, for I was always one of the last students   _______  (cross) the finish line.  #card
	- to cross
-
- 2.I've bought two pieces of cake-you can have e_________. #card
	- either
- 3.They still live in the houses without e_________lights.  #card
	- electric
- 5.She is the most active in sports in her group.
  She is more active in sports than_________ _________in her group. #card
	- anyone else
- Phonetics  ( ) 1. A.dear  B. tear v.    C. near    D. fear #card
	- B
- — What is that noise?
  — Oh, I forgot to tell you that the new machine __________.
  A. was tested B. will be tested C. has been tested D. is being tested #card
	- D
- --George and Lucy got married last week. Did you go to their wedding?
  ---No, I _________. Did they have a big wedding?
  A. was not invited B. has not been invited C. hadn't invited    D. didn't invite #card
	- A
-
- Tigers _________________ (hunt) and killed at such a speed that they will disappear from the earth in near future. #card
	- are been hunted
- I didn't go there for the outing with them because I was ill.(句意相同)
  My illness _________ me ________ them in the outing. #card
	- stopped  joining
-
- 1. Vast amounts of money________ in the stock market, but it returns little.
  A. has been invested B. have been invested  C. has invested D. have invested   #card
	- B
- 2. By the time the canal________ in 1914, the more than 50-mile-long project had cost the United States more than$350 million and employed tens of thousands of people from around the world.
  A. has opened B. opened C. had opened D. had been opened   #card
	- B
- 4. I’m sorry. We don’t have enough teaching materials to go around. I ________ so many people would attend the lecture.
  A. haven’t expected B. didn’t expect C. hadn’t expected D. wasn’t expecting    #card
	- B
- 5. My mind wasn’t on what he was saying so I’m afraid I ________ half of it.
  A. was missing B. had missed C. will miss D. missed   #card
	- D
- 7. No matter how good the finished product is, if it’s not correctly priced it ________.
  A. won’t sell B. isn’t sold C. won’t be sold D. can’t sell    #card
	- A
- 9. He kept a little notebook, in which ________ the names and addresses of his friends.
  A. wrote B. was writing C. was written D. were written  #card
	- D
- 11. ---Is Tom still smoking? ---No. By next Saturday he________ for a whole month without smoking a single cigarette.  
  A. will be B. will have gone C. will have been D. has been going #card
	- B
- 13. By the time you have completed the essential training, you________ exposed to virtually every new feature of the course.
  A. will have been B. will be C. would have been D. would be #card
	- A
- 20. He did not arrive until the meeting was nearly over, for he ________ asleep while watching television.
  A. had fallen B. has fallen C. fell   D. was falling #card
	- A
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-