- #  1.Tired，Jim was fast asleep with his back ____ a big tree.    =>    in               below               beside                 against    #card
	- #  against
	- # against 除了表示反对，还可以表示靠着
- # 2.There are some young ladies who spend a large amount of their income to keep up ____ the latest fashion.   =>  to      on    with    by    #card
	- # with
	- # keep up with  固定搭配，表示跟上
- # 3.The visitors are told to keep their hands ____ the exhibits.   =>  at    off      on       away from #card
	- # off
	- # keep off 表示不接触，用away from 虽然符合语法，但是从句意上来说，太夸张
- # 4. You can ask your teacher for advice if you have any problem  ____  you are   assignment.  =>   at         with         of          to #card
	- # with
	- # have any problem with 固定搭配
- # 5. Come and see him ____  two days and then he may be well enough to sit up in bed.  => after  for   in  during  #card
	- # in
	- # 只有 in 可以用将来时
- # 6. ____ the 2010 Shanghai world Expo. drawing near its macot "Hai Bao" is gaining popularity .=> with    as    for    during  #card
	- #  with
	- # with + 名词+Ving,  s+v+其他（名词和ving 构成逻辑上的主谓关系）
-
- # 7. It is known to all that at an early age Elson already showed a talent ____ science. => on   in  for  of  #card
	- # for
	- # have a gift(talent) for  表示有xx的天赋
- #  8.Much ____  everyone's great surprise, a local reporter jumped out and threw a shoe at bush at the press conference. => in  to  under on  #card
	- # to
	- # to one's surprise ,表述出乎某人的意外，固定搭配
- # 9.After the earthquake, the injured were cared ____ in the local hospitals or taken by air to the hospitals in the neighboring cities.=>  of      for       after     with #card
	- # for
	- # be care for  固定搭配
- # 10.Children should learn such virtues  _____  unselfishness ,courage, discipline and love one's country.  => as   by  like  of #card
	- #  as
	- # such  ....  as   =  sth.  such as
- # 11.Scientists are convinced of the positive effect of laughter ______ physical and mental health.=>of        in    to     on #card
	- # on
	- # (have)a positive/negative effect on sth.
- # 12.The idea of environmental protection has been accepted in this area ____ a large extent. =>in     at to        for #card
	- # to
	- # to a large extent ,在很大程度上.
- # 13.Though man may be better _____ weightlifting, few jobs actually require physical strength these days => to    for    with    at #card
	- # at
	- # be better at,固定搭配(=do better in)
- # 14.We offered him our congratulations ________ his passing the college entrance exam.   =>  at      on for       of #card
	- # on
	- # congratulations on 固定搭配.
- # 15.Many people, including college students of all ages, spend little time _______ pursuit of physical fitness.  =>  in          for          on             at #card
	- # on
	- # spend st. on sth.
- # 16._______ quite recently, most mothers in Britain did not take paid work outside the home.  => Over  Until      Since      Before
	- # Until
	- # 后为过去式，再结合上下文，知用until.
- # 17.Literary and artistic works have always laid equal stress_______ the bright and the dark, half and half.  => in    on    at   for #card
	- # on
	- # stress on
- # 18.Last semester, 45 elementary and junior high schools across Taiwan promoted walking to school _____ away to improve the environmental and personal health. => for   to     as    with #card
	- # to 理由略
- # 19.His lecture treats _____ social changes between wars. =>in       about       for          of #card
	- # of
	- # treat of 固定搭配
- # 20.Mary is still inseparable _______ her mother. =>to             with              about             from #card
	- # from
	- # be inseparable from
- # 21.The better you can make \___  time, the greater contributions you will make  ____  the society.=> in;to     on;for     of;to        in;on #card
	- # of;to
	- # make better use of;contribute to
- # 22.The hard work of the fishermen putting out to sea on stormy evenings may the living picture, which stem itself deeply _____ his mind.=>in     on     at       for #card
	- # on
	- # stamp oneself on one's mind
- # Though nothing can bring back the hour of splendor in the glass, of glory in the flower, we will grief not ,rather find strength **** what remains behind.填介词  #card
	- # in
	- # 这是一个诗。固定用法。
- # 100 degree Celsius is the temperature **** which water will boil.填介词 #card
	- # at
	- # 温度 ，一个温度点，用at
- # A good book is the best friend who never turns his back  **** us .填介词 #card
	- # on  或者 upon
- # How many a man has dated a new era in his life **** the reading of a book .填介词  #card
	- # from
	- # date from 表示 追溯到
- # \_ the pleasures of learning..., ****  ____ look in  them for a mirror image of oneself.(第二三个空格不是介词) #card
	- # among, rather than
- # There is no  royal  world road **** learning.填介词 #card
	- # to （略）
- # There seems to be a natural cause-and-effect relationship ________ optimism and success.填介词 #card
	- # between
- # The way you look ****  life will determine...填介词 #card
	- # at
- # No one ever injured his eyesight by looking**** the bright side of things. 填介词 #card
	- # on